#######################################################
# PGDG Red Hat Enterprise Linux / CentOS repositories #
#######################################################

# PGDG Red Hat Enterprise Linux / CentOS stable common repository for all PostgreSQL versions

[pgdg-common]
name=PostgreSQL common RPMs for RHEL/CentOS $releasever - $basearch
baseurl=https://download.postgresql.org/pub/repos/yum/common/redhat/rhel-$releasever-$basearch
enabled=1
gpgcheck=1
gpgkey=file:///etc/pki/rpm-gpg/RPM-GPG-KEY-PGDG

# PGDG Red Hat Enterprise Linux / CentOS stable repositories:

[pgdg12]
name=PostgreSQL 12 for RHEL/CentOS $releasever - $basearch
baseurl=https://download.postgresql.org/pub/repos/yum/12/redhat/rhel-$releasever-$basearch
enabled=1
gpgcheck=1
gpgkey=file:///etc/pki/rpm-gpg/RPM-GPG-KEY-PGDG

[pgdg11]
name=PostgreSQL 11 for RHEL/CentOS $releasever - $basearch
baseurl=https://download.postgresql.org/pub/repos/yum/11/redhat/rhel-$releasever-$basearch
enabled=1
gpgcheck=1
gpgkey=file:///etc/pki/rpm-gpg/RPM-GPG-KEY-PGDG

[pgdg10]
name=PostgreSQL 10 for RHEL/CentOS $releasever - $basearch
baseurl=https://download.postgresql.org/pub/repos/yum/10/redhat/rhel-$releasever-$basearch
enabled=1
gpgcheck=1
gpgkey=file:///etc/pki/rpm-gpg/RPM-GPG-KEY-PGDG

[pgdg96]
name=PostgreSQL 9.6 for RHEL/CentOS $releasever - $basearch
baseurl=https://download.postgresql.org/pub/repos/yum/9.6/redhat/rhel-$releasever-$basearch
enabled=1
gpgcheck=1
gpgkey=file:///etc/pki/rpm-gpg/RPM-GPG-KEY-PGDG

[pgdg95]
name=PostgreSQL 9.5 for RHEL/CentOS $releasever - $basearch
baseurl=https://download.postgresql.org/pub/repos/yum/9.5/redhat/rhel-$releasever-$basearch
enabled=1
gpgcheck=1
gpgkey=file:///etc/pki/rpm-gpg/RPM-GPG-KEY-PGDG

[pgdg94]
name=PostgreSQL 9.4 for RHEL/CentOS $releasever - $basearch
baseurl=https://download.postgresql.org/pub/repos/yum/9.4/redhat/rhel-$releasever-$basearch
enabled=0
gpgcheck=1
gpgkey=file:///etc/pki/rpm-gpg/RPM-GPG-KEY-PGDG

# PGDG RHEL/CentOS Updates Testing common repositories.

[pgdg-common-testing]
name=PostgreSQL common testing RPMs for RHEL/CentOS $releasever - $basearch
baseurl=https://download.postgresql.org/pub/repos/yum/testing/common/redhat/rhel-$releasever-$basearch
enabled=0
gpgcheck=1
gpgkey=file:///etc/pki/rpm-gpg/RPM-GPG-KEY-PGDG

# PGDG RHEL/CentOS Updates Testing repositories. (These packages should not be used in production)
# Available for 9.6 and above.

[pgdg13-updates-testing]
name=PostgreSQL 13 for RHEL/CentOS $releasever - $basearch - Updates testing
baseurl=https://download.postgresql.org/pub/repos/yum/testing/13/redhat/rhel-$releasever-$basearch
enabled=0
gpgcheck=1
gpgkey=file:///etc/pki/rpm-gpg/RPM-GPG-KEY-PGDG

[pgdg12-updates-testing]
name=PostgreSQL 12 for RHEL/CentOS $releasever - $basearch - Updates testing
baseurl=https://download.postgresql.org/pub/repos/yum/testing/12/redhat/rhel-$releasever-$basearch
enabled=0
gpgcheck=1
gpgkey=file:///etc/pki/rpm-gpg/RPM-GPG-KEY-PGDG

[pgdg11-updates-testing]
name=PostgreSQL 11 for RHEL/CentOS $releasever - $basearch - Updates testing
baseurl=https://download.postgresql.org/pub/repos/yum/testing/11/redhat/rhel-$releasever-$basearch
enabled=0
gpgcheck=1
gpgkey=file:///etc/pki/rpm-gpg/RPM-GPG-KEY-PGDG

# PGDG Red Hat Enterprise Linux / CentOS SRPM testing common repository

[pgdg-source-common]
name=PostgreSQL 12 for RHEL/CentOS $releasever - $basearch - Source
baseurl=https://download.postgresql.org/pub/repos/yum/srpms/common/redhat/rhel-$releasever-$basearch
enabled=0
gpgcheck=1
gpgkey=file:///etc/pki/rpm-gpg/RPM-GPG-KEY-PGDG

# PGDG RHEL / CentOS testing common SRPM repository for all PostgreSQL versions

[pgdg-common-srpm-testing]
name=PostgreSQL common testing SRPMs for RHEL/CentOS $releasever - $basearch
baseurl=https://download.postgresql.org/pub/repos/yum/srpms/testing/common/redhat/rhel-$releasever-$basearch
enabled=0
gpgcheck=1
gpgkey=file:///etc/pki/rpm-gpg/RPM-GPG-KEY-PGDG

# PGDG Source RPMs (SRPM), and their testing repositories:

[pgdg13-source-updates-testing]
name=PostgreSQL 13 for RHEL/CentOS $releasever - $basearch - Source updates testing
failovermethod=priority
baseurl=https://download.postgresql.org/pub/repos/yum/srpms/testing/13/fedora/fedora-$releasever-$basearch
enabled=0
gpgcheck=1
gpgkey=file:///etc/pki/rpm-gpg/RPM-GPG-KEY-PGDG

[pgdg12-source]
name=PostgreSQL 12 for RHEL/CentOS $releasever - $basearch - Source
failovermethod=priority
baseurl=https://download.postgresql.org/pub/repos/yum/srpms/12/redhat/rhel-$releasever-$basearch
enabled=0
gpgcheck=1
gpgkey=file:///etc/pki/rpm-gpg/RPM-GPG-KEY-PGDG

[pgdg12-source-updates-testing]
name=PostgreSQL 12 for RHEL/CentOS $releasever - $basearch - Source update testing
failovermethod=priority
baseurl=https://download.postgresql.org/pub/repos/yum/srpms/testing/12/redhat/rhel-$releasever-$basearch
enabled=0
gpgcheck=1
gpgkey=file:///etc/pki/rpm-gpg/RPM-GPG-KEY-PGDG

[pgdg11-source]
name=PostgreSQL 11 for RHEL/CentOS $releasever - $basearch - Source
failovermethod=priority
baseurl=https://download.postgresql.org/pub/repos/yum/srpms/11/redhat/rhel-$releasever-$basearch
enabled=0
gpgcheck=1
gpgkey=file:///etc/pki/rpm-gpg/RPM-GPG-KEY-PGDG

[pgdg11-source-updates-testing]
name=PostgreSQL 11 for RHEL/CentOS $releasever - $basearch - Source update testing
failovermethod=priority
baseurl=https://download.postgresql.org/pub/repos/yum/srpms/testing/11/redhat/rhel-$releasever-$basearch
enabled=0
gpgcheck=1
gpgkey=file:///etc/pki/rpm-gpg/RPM-GPG-KEY-PGDG

[pgdg10-source]
name=PostgreSQL 10 for RHEL/CentOS $releasever - $basearch - Source
failovermethod=priority
baseurl=https://download.postgresql.org/pub/repos/yum/srpms/10/redhat/rhel-$releasever-$basearch
enabled=0
gpgcheck=1
gpgkey=file:///etc/pki/rpm-gpg/RPM-GPG-KEY-PGDG

[pgdg96-source]
name=PostgreSQL 9.6 for RHEL/CentOS $releasever - $basearch - Source
failovermethod=priority
baseurl=https://download.postgresql.org/pub/repos/yum/srpms/9.6/redhat/rhel-$releasever-$basearch
enabled=0
gpgcheck=1
gpgkey=file:///etc/pki/rpm-gpg/RPM-GPG-KEY-PGDG

[pgdg95-source]
name=PostgreSQL 9.5 for RHEL/CentOS $releasever - $basearch - Source
failovermethod=priority
baseurl=https://download.postgresql.org/pub/repos/yum/srpms/9.5/redhat/rhel-$releasever-$basearch
enabled=0
gpgcheck=1
gpgkey=file:///etc/pki/rpm-gpg/RPM-GPG-KEY-PGDG

[pgdg94-source]
name=PostgreSQL 9.4 for RHEL/CentOS $releasever - $basearch - Source
failovermethod=priority
baseurl=https://download.postgresql.org/pub/repos/yum/srpms/9.4/redhat/rhel-$releasever-$basearch
enabled=0
gpgcheck=1
gpgkey=file:///etc/pki/rpm-gpg/RPM-GPG-KEY-PGDG

# Debuginfo/debugsource packages for stable repos

[pgdg13-updates-debuginfo]
name=PostgreSQL 13 for RHEL/CentOS $releasever - $basearch - Debuginfo
baseurl=https://download.postgresql.org/pub/repos/yum/debug/13/redhat/rhel-$releasever-$basearch
enabled=0
gpgcheck=1
gpgkey=file:///etc/pki/rpm-gpg/RPM-GPG-KEY-PGDG

[pgdg12-updates-debuginfo]
name=PostgreSQL 12 for RHEL/CentOS $releasever - $basearch - Debuginfo
baseurl=https://download.postgresql.org/pub/repos/yum/debug/12/redhat/rhel-$releasever-$basearch
enabled=0
gpgcheck=1
gpgkey=file:///etc/pki/rpm-gpg/RPM-GPG-KEY-PGDG

[pgdg11-updates-debuginfo]
name=PostgreSQL 11 for RHEL/CentOS $releasever - $basearch - Debuginfo
baseurl=https://download.postgresql.org/pub/repos/yum/debug/11/redhat/rhel-$releasever-$basearch
enabled=0
gpgcheck=1
gpgkey=file:///etc/pki/rpm-gpg/RPM-GPG-KEY-PGDG

[pgdg10-updates-debuginfo]
name=PostgreSQL 10 for RHEL/CentOS $releasever - $basearch - Debuginfo
baseurl=https://download.postgresql.org/pub/repos/yum/debug/10/redhat/rhel-$releasever-$basearch
enabled=0
gpgcheck=1
gpgkey=file:///etc/pki/rpm-gpg/RPM-GPG-KEY-PGDG

[pgdg96-updates-debuginfo]
name=PostgreSQL 9.6 for RHEL/CentOS $releasever - $basearch - Debuginfo
baseurl=https://download.postgresql.org/pub/repos/yum/debug/9.6/redhat/rhel-$releasever-$basearch
enabled=0
gpgcheck=1
gpgkey=file:///etc/pki/rpm-gpg/RPM-GPG-KEY-PGDG

[pgdg95-updates-debuginfo]
name=PostgreSQL 9.5 for RHEL/CentOS $releasever - $basearch - Debuginfo
baseurl=https://download.postgresql.org/pub/repos/yum/debug/9.5/redhat/rhel-$releasever-$basearch
enabled=0
gpgcheck=1
gpgkey=file:///etc/pki/rpm-gpg/RPM-GPG-KEY-PGDG

# Debuginfo/debugsource packages for testing repos
# Available for 9.6 and above.

[pgdg13-updates-testing-debuginfo]
name=PostgreSQL 13 for RHEL/CentOS $releasever - $basearch - Debuginfo
baseurl=https://download.postgresql.org/pub/repos/yum/testing/debug/13/redhat/rhel-$releasever-$basearch
enabled=0
gpgcheck=1
gpgkey=file:///etc/pki/rpm-gpg/RPM-GPG-KEY-PGDG

[pgdg12-updates-testing-debuginfo]
name=PostgreSQL 12 for RHEL/CentOS $releasever - $basearch - Debuginfo
baseurl=https://download.postgresql.org/pub/repos/yum/testing/debug/12/redhat/rhel-$releasever-$basearch
enabled=0
gpgcheck=1
gpgkey=file:///etc/pki/rpm-gpg/RPM-GPG-KEY-PGDG

[pgdg11-updates-testing-debuginfo]
name=PostgreSQL 11 for RHEL/CentOS $releasever - $basearch - Debuginfo
baseurl=https://download.postgresql.org/pub/repos/yum/testing/debug/11/redhat/rhel-$releasever-$basearch
enabled=0
gpgcheck=1
gpgkey=file:///etc/pki/rpm-gpg/RPM-GPG-KEY-PGDG
